# OurTradeHub Coding Challenge

This code challenge is thought to be used as a tool for the candidate to demonstrate her/his knowledge, problem solving skills, passion and drive.

Choose one of the challenges listed below, based on the seniority of the position you are applying to, and unleash the full power of your skills and imagination.

Impress and fascinate us with your unique and original ideas and solutions.

## Evaluation

Your solution will be evaluated over the following criterias:

- code organization and quality,
- architecture and design,
- functional and non-functional tests,
- security, and
- documentation.

## General requirements

Your solution need to be split between one or more frontend web application/s and one or more backend service/s being accessible through a well defined set of APIs.

Please, choose one of the following **tracks** based on your skills:

- **Frontend**: for this track you are required to focus mostly on the frontend and include in your solution a minimal backend or use existing data services directly.
- **Backend**: for this track you are required to focus mostly on the backend and include in your solution a minimal frontend, as for instance a static set of HTML pages, an autogenerated documentation site or a third party developed portal.
- **Fullstack**: you get to build it all, end to end.

Feel free to use any technology, framework, and/or libraries you prefer.

If you use boilerplate code we would like you to additionally state exactly what is your original contribution and what it is instead part of the boilerplate you have used.

## Expected artifacts

We expect to receive from you:

- a **link to the repository** where the source code of your solution is committed, and
- a **link to a running instance** of your solution.

In the repository, beside your solution, we will also expect to find a **README.md** file containing at least the following information:

- the **name of the track** you have chosen (frontend, backend, or fullstack),
- the **name of the challenge** you have solved,
- the **position and seniority** you would like to apply to,
- the **reasons behind your technical choices**, including but not limited to architecture, frameworks, and libraries,
- the **amount of experience** you have with the chosen technology,
- the **trade-offs** you might have made, anything you left out because of the limited amount of time offered, and
- the **link to other code** you're particularly proud of, if you would like to share it with us.

## Challenges

### OmniGit

The objective of UniGit is to allow an organization to migrate their codebase across different vendors (as for instance GitHub, BitBucket, GitLab, etc.).

[Read more](./OmniGit.md)

### Master of Puppets

The purpose of the Master of Puppets is to allow engineers to activate or deactivate features in an application through using a nice and comfy web application.

[Read more](./MasterOfPuppets.md)

### Feed Stalker

Feed Stalker allows you to specify a feed of information and a web hook. As soon as the information feed is updated, the webhook is triggered.

[Read more](./FeedStalker.md)
